# Todo list

- TODO kick23 bass feedback pumping...
    - improve kick...

- TODO add one shot automation...

- TODO if click outside modal exit...
 
- TODO lfo morph wavetable vs graph ui
      - ----> does the lfo morph even make sense?

- TODO clip load next
  - add short cut to navigate between clip selection

- FIXME audio glitch when too much stuff is going on, might be solved with EQ or not, let see ^^

- NOTE chain clips??

- TODO sample remove voice stealing

- TODO improve bass track generator

- TODO undo, or state management. When generating a new pattern, we should be able to go back to previous one, but then again... maybe we need a pattern generation history

- NOTE could we have a second button for pattern generation, which generate a variation of the current pattern

- TODO cache tracks, if there probabilty only regenerate the track if current step differ from previous --> but then how to do with reverb and delay..

- TODO filter ui combined... could graph be generated by filter...?

- TODO wavetable editor online

## Idea

- IDEA if we want to push the concept to something a bit more complicated, on the track there could be a + button, to first add sound generator, and add extra FX on top of it.
      - we could even compose the sound generator with many small pieces: often a sound engine is composed of multiple part, like an OSC, a sub osc, noise, and so on. The problem is how to configure all this from the UI and keep it simple??.. Then could it goes even further to add LFO or extra envelop for modulation which would make it even more complicated :p
    - But maybe we could do this just for the FX

## Simplify even more

- merge hihat and clap into one track

- merge bass / fm / wavetable into one single mega engine with more than 24 params SynthMega23 or just Synth23

- still need the random sample player... maybe not necessarly random. It could play a list of sample, either order or randomly...

- so in the end there would be only 5 tracks

## prompt

please just modify the code to add this feature. Generate all code. But dont modify anything which is not related with this feature. Again dont modify code unecessarly, only implement the feature. Keep " // Skip format" comments